hello movie fans and welcome back to
another full movie recap with movie
reveals in today's video we're going to
break down the utterly original
supernatural horror movie called
hellraiser warning guys spoiler alert
yes i'm afraid i'm going to spill the
beans about what the movie is about
including all the best gory bits of
which there are many but that's half the
fun with my recaps you know that already
at least you can then decide whether you
want to watch the whole movie or not if
you like good horror with a touch of the
supernatural and lots of blood of course
and this movie will definitely please
now before i start with a recap i just
want to say the hellraiser is one of the
most gruesome visually horrific fantasy
films you will ever see
written and directed by clive barker the
film is a relentless unflinching foray
into another world of monsters murder
and the supernatural
now for the recap and by the way
feel free to comment below
also don't forget to share some love by
smashing the like button
the film starts off in morocco with a
man named frank cotton who purchases an
antique puzzle box which is rumored that
when solved spirits will come that will
deliver ecstasy and pleasure beyond
imagination frank believing this
purchases the box from a chinese dealer
who tells him take it it's yours it
always was
frank takes the box back to his home and
prepares to solve it lighting candles
around where he is sitting in an attic
as he forms different parts of the box
light comes through the walls and
eventually to frank's shock hooks fly
out and grab frank's skin
he is then torn apart by a sadistic
demon race known as the cenobites after
frank has been ripped to pieces a group
of cenobytes appear to survey the scene
the leader of the group observes frank's
remains and then closes the puzzle box
the room then returns to its original
state as if nothing happened many years
later larry frank's brother and his wife
julia go to look at the family house it
seems to have been passed down to him as
his mother has passed
as a bit of background julia had an
affair with frank but chose to marry
larry when larry and julia walk in the
house they find it to be a mess and
julia is not impressed larry goes to
look at the kitchen but finds maggots
there and julia walks upstairs into a
room that she sees is trashed larry
discovers that frank was there and
assumes he has made one of his famous
getaways suddenly the phone rings and
it's larry's daughter kirsty but she's
not julia's daughter because her mother
died years ago and larry remarried
meanwhile julia finds pictures of frank
and all the women he had shared romantic
encounters with larry wants kirsty to
see the house but kirsty has already got
a room to stay at
julia takes the pictures of frank and
puts them in her pocket and comes out
and agrees to move in larry says great
will move in on sunday when sunday comes
the removal men and larry are bringing a
heavy mattress into the house while
julia is unpacking stuff in another room
the removal men stop as julia comes out
and asks have you got any beer julia
tells them there's some in the fridge
larry sarcastically says well why don't
i get it i've got nothing better to do
julia walks up the stairs and the men
begin to stare at her from behind
percy is walking to the house to have a
look when she arrives there she greets
her dad larry and he tells her to be
nice to julia because she hates moving
kirsty goes to make some coffee in the
kitchen
juliet is looking at a photo of frank
and water spills out of the tap in the
kitchen and julia is recapping her last
encounter with frank
in the flashback scene it's poor and
rain and frank is at the door asking
julia to let him in
frank asks for towel and states he came
for the wedding
julia lets him in and says he's very
welcome he says you have a towel and
cursey says have you got a towel which
immediately brings julia to her senses
julius says there's one in the bathroom
percy tries to be friendly to julia but
juliet is not interested in starts
recapping more moments with frank it
shows them having sex
meanwhile larry is pushing the mattress
up the stairs and a nail is sticking out
of the wall
larry's hand wipes right across it and
cuts him
larry walks into the attic where julia
is and is bleeding blood is dripping on
the floor
apparently larry hates seeing his own
blood
julius says it will need stitches so
they go to the doctors to get it
stitched percy comes with them the blood
that dripped on the floor seems to have
woken something ghastly in the next
scene we see something underneath the
floorboards that sucks the blood through
and slowly transforms and grows into a
skinless body it appears that frank is
back to life
in the night kirsty julia larry a young
guy called steve and some friends are
having a dinner party julia shortly
excuses herself and says she's going to
bed
she walks up the stairs again and
appears to want more memories of her and
frank
she discovers some rat guts on the floor
in the attic and suddenly frank grabs
her and says don't look at me and juliet
is very scared not knowing it's frank
frank says we is and explains that the
blood on the floor brought him back and
says he needs more
kirsty having drunk a bit too much comes
up the stairs to use the bathroom that
is when she bumps into julia at the top
of the stairs
after some uncomfortable stairs between
them both and wish each other good night
later kirsty and steve start walking
down the street where kersey briefly
exchanges glances with a [ __ ] that
makes her uneasy she recomposes herself
and sue she and steve are talking about
him being too polite and reserved he
says he is not always polite they then
start kissing in the next scene we see
that larry is asleep but juliet is
sitting next to him awake
she goes to the attic and says to frank
yes i will
meaning she will help him get better by
getting him more blood
meanwhile kirsty is dreaming and there
appears to be a bed full of blood and
kirsty pulls the sheet off it and sees
her father with blood on his face and
screams she wakes up in the middle of
the night steve goes to ask her if she
is all right she said i was dreaming she
then calls larry
larry answers the phone and explains to
kersey that he's all right he says you
sleep well i love you sweetie meanwhile
frank is at the top of the stairs
listening to everything and says kirsty
in an evil and lecherous tone
the next day julia heads out to what
appears to be a bar she looks as
attractive as she can a man approaches
her and says not much fun is it drinking
alone
julia says not much he invites her to
have a drink with him
julia agrees and takes him to her house
the man can't stop kissing her and says
you're very beautiful
julia tells him to come upstairs with
her he come upstairs and is somewhat
puzzled that there's no bed in the attic
julia asks him to take his clothes off
as he strips down to his underwear julia
locks the door he says he has to go to
the toilet and makes it to the door
julia grabs a hammer and hits him over
the head with it
he shouts please he falls to the floor
and has a broken jaw
frank crawls over to the man and starts
to get in his blood while julia goes
into the bathroom she cleans herself up
larry arrives back home and calls for
julia he knocks on the bathroom door
julia lies and says she feels sick
she asks larry to get her a brandy and
says she'll be down in a minute she goes
back into the attic and frank is looking
better he says i'm hurting my nerves are
beginning to work again he believes that
another body or two will be needed
julius says not again
frank tells her that he needs her to so
the cenobites won't be able to follow
and he wants to get away from there
larry calls for julia again julia tells
him to put on some music
meanwhile kirsty is working a pet shop
and a demanding customer wants to see
the manager
kirsty sees the same [ __ ] coming in he
heads to a cage and then he starts to
eat insects to her disgust she says you
get out of here he leaves but not before
staring back at her with haunting eyes
steve comes up to kirsty and asks if
anything is wrong percy says something
weird julie brings her second victim to
the house and frank gets his blood and
flesh frank can now taste he has a
cigarette after julia demands an
explanation as promised frank shows
where the puzzle box and explains what
happened
julius sees visions of frank being torn
apart by the cenobites and is shocked
frank says
i'm going to live and you're going to
help me yes
julie says yes they'll never find us not
in the whole wide world
later larry and julia are watching the
boxing on tv
larry is shocked that it's not making
julie sick because it usually does
julia says i've seen worse
suddenly frank starts banging on the
wall which gets the attention of larry
julia says she left a window open
upstairs larry goes to check along with
julia julie tries to stop him and says
it's nothing she distracts him by
kissing him and they go into their room
and get on the bed
frank comes in and using a knife cuts a
rat's body in half julie says please
don't i can't take it frank walks back
into the attic
larry thinks he's done something wrong
and can't understand why she's sulking
he walks out of the room much to julia's
relief
kirsty and larry are at a restaurant
having something to drink
larry tells kirsty his concerns about
julia he asks kirsty to stop by and try
to be friends with her and kirsty agrees
meanwhile frank is wanting another body
more specifically larry's julie says no
so frank says then find me somebody else
before they come looking
now
julie brings a man into her house at the
same time kirsty is at the end of the
street and sees the man walking into the
house with julia the man walks in and
says he gets lonely sometimes
julia takes him upstairs and into the
attic and he is puzzled about what's
going on he says what is this a game
he sees frank and he holds julia so
frank can't get him frank pushes julia
out of the way and takes the man's flesh
and blood
percy walks into the house and walks
upstairs until her shock sees frank
feeding off the man
frank tries to grab kirsty and says
cursey it's frank it's uncle frank you
remember come to daddy percy goes into
the attic and tells him not to touch her
hursty then punches through his stomach
causing him to fall and grabs the puzzle
box
when kirsty sees that the item holds
value to him she throws it out the
window and runs as fast as she can out
of the house and into the street
we see her walking along the pavement in
an almost delirious state while
clutching onto the puzzle box
kirsty then faints
people surround her to see if she is
okay and then we see her waking up in a
hospital bed while a nurse is sitting in
the room with her as she wakes up she
wants to call her father but the doctor
insists she gets back into bed
he shows her the puzzle box and kirsty
has no memory of how she got to the
hospital the doctor leaves the puzzle
box on the table and walks out kirsty is
unable to get out of the hospital room
she decides to play with the puzzle box
and forms different sides of it suddenly
the wall opens up she walks through it
and finds a cenobite creature the
creature chases her and she narrowly
manages to make it back to the hospital
the cenobites appear and one of them
puts his fingers into kirstie's mouth
the lead center by pinhead says the box
you opened it became
kirsty doesn't know what's going on and
asks them who they are pinhead says that
they are explorers in the further
regions of experience
kirstie says it was a mistake and she
didn't mean to open it the lead cenobite
says that she has to come with them now
and taste their pleasures hursty
explains that frank has escaped them
they don't believe her at first but when
cursey says i can lead you to him and
you can take him back instead of me
pinhead wants to hear him confess
himself but if cursey betrays them he
says will tear your soul apart
meanwhile julia is afraid that kersey is
going to tell larry everything
julia wants to just leave but frank
wants a new skin
julia agrees to help him get the skin
from larry
larry arrives home and julius says i
don't know where to begin
it's best you see for yourself
meanwhile kirsty has managed to get out
of the hospital and steve is looking for
her
kirsty runs back home and knock on the
door saying daddy it's me it's kirsty
let me in
julia answers the door and lets cursey
in
percy runs to who she believes to be her
father and hugs him she explains that
frank is upstairs and wants to kill him
pretending to be larry frank says that
frank is dead now and said he had to put
him out of his misery kirsty wants to
see the dead body so julia takes her
upstairs and into the attic to see it
hursty is disgusted by it suddenly the
cenobites appear and say we want the man
who did this
percy runs out of the room and down the
stairs julia blocks her way frank says
what's the matter
kirsty says that they need to get out of
here now frank says stay with us we can
all be happy here he then says come to
daddy
suddenly with that phrase kersey knows
it's frank now
frank gets a knife and goes to stab
kirsty but stabs julia as kirsty breaks
free he then says nothing personal babe
and kills her hershey runs up the stairs
and hides franco's looking for her she
hides in a cupboard and a dead corpse
spits maggots out on cursey's hand
percy then comes out and starts crying
frank sees her and gets his knife ready
kirsty leads him into the attic she is
upset about her father being dead frank
said everything's all right frank's here
your dear old uncle frank
the cena bites here then block his way
out they appear and confront him frank
tries to lie but the female cenobyte
says we had to hear it from your own
lips
pinhead says to kirsty this isn't for
your eyes
frank tries to stab kirsty for setting
him up but hope grabs his hand and
another grabs his other hand
hundreds of hooks cut through his flesh
and stretches body out he says jesus
wept then is torn apart as if he
exploded
percy makes a run for it but the
cenobites want to get her as well so
kirsty gets the puzzle box and pinhead
says stop we have such sites to show you
rearranging the puzzle box she sends
into hell she then sends the rest to
hell in the house is starting a collapse
seat comes to get her and they both get
out of the house just in time
in the next scene she throws the puzzle
box into the fire as the house burns
down
the same tram from earlier walks into
the fire obtains the puzzle box and
stands there engulfed in flames
strangely he turns into a dragonlike
creature it then flies away with the box
the end shows another customer wanting
to buy the puzzle box and the chinese
dealer says what's your pleasure sir the
end hope you enjoyed watching this movie
recap make sure to subscribe and don't
forget to hit the notification button
it might not seem like much but it
really helps us out with the algorithm
and allows more people to find our
videos
thanks for watching and see you again
soon